Port MASTG-TEST-0022: Testing Custom Certificate Stores and Certificate Pinning (android) (by @guardsquare) (#3035)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-NETWORK/MASTG-TEST-0x22-3.md

---
title: Missing Certificate Pinning in Network Traffic 
platform: network

> id: MASTG-TEST-0x22-3

Reviewer: Could you please update each test and give it a unique ID like here: https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mastg/tree/master/tests-beta/android/MASVS-NETWORK. This means also changing the filename accordingly.

type: [static]
weakness: MASWE-0047
---

## Overview

> There are various ways how [certificate pinning]("../../../Document/0x05g-Testing-Network-Communication.md#certificate-pinning-without-android-network-security-configuration") can be done for an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If we remove it in the document, let's also remove the reference here.

Author: I think the text itself does make sense, but if the link is gone, it makes sense to remove that.

Since statically finding all of the locations where certificate pinning is performed might not be feasible, this test case uses dynamic analysis to observe all connections the app makes.

> The goal of this test case is to dynamically check if the connection to a server can be intercepted using a [Man-in-the-Middle attack]("../../../Document/0x04f-Testing-Network-Communication.md#mitm-attack). If this is possible, it means the certificate is not pinned correctly or at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this test case is to dynamically check if the connection to a server can be intercepted using a [Machine-in-the-Middle attack]("../../../Document/0x04f-Testing-Network-Communication.md#mitm-attack). If this is possible, it means that the certificate is not pinned correctly or not pinned at all.
```
